hi this is Pam dinner here thank you so
much for tuning in to b2b marketing and
more with me this is place I want to
help you to become a better b2b marketer
I share my templates know-how and
experience to help you to think
strategically and do your job better
hopefully by doing that you can get
promoted faster for today what I really
want to talk about is how to code abate
strategic thinking there are three ways
you can do it number one is to
understand why your senior managers care
about number two a 10 senior staff
meeting whenever possible number 3 work
with mentors to cultivate the skills so
let's talk about all three of them
number one understand why your senior
manager care about and the best way to
do that is to listen you need to listen
intently when they talk try to
understand what they are trying to say
and the what are some of the challenges
or the things they care about the most
of course many manager at the senior
level they care about increasing revenue
reducing cost or improving efficiency
but if it's about increasing revenue web
business units web product what are we
doing so far is the revenue like we
reach about 70% at this time or are we
substantially behind so you need to
understand that and then try to connect
that with what you are doing
I know it's hard sometimes but there's
always a way to make that connection if
you want to talk about it well let me
know we can brainstorm together
another thing is many times the senior
managers are implementing changes right
so what are some of the key initiatives
they are working up can you also be part
of it can you listen again in terms of
what they are doing why they are doing
it where are we
and can you make that changes or
initiative also tie as a pot of things
that you do
it's about the connecting the dots
through listening number to attend
senior staff meeting whenever possible I
have learned so much so much by
attending multiple Romanian senior staff
meeting and I got myself invited and to
present certain top
when I stick around and I listen to how
they carry their conversation
it gives me ideas in terms of next time
when I attend a meeting what I need to
say and how to say it so get yourself
invited to senior staff meeting or find
a topic that you can actually do a
presentation to them that will actually
help you to cultivate your strategic
thinking to observe and see how they
communicate with each other you can
actually learn a lot from that how to
cultivate that get yourself invited to a
senior staff meeting number three is
work with mentors to cultivate that
skill set when I was in the corporate
world I was fortunate to actually have a
several VP mentors that worked with me
to work on my craft and it took quite a
bit of time remember I told you that I'm
more focused on operations and finance
and accounting and a lot of stuff I do
tend to be more on the technical level
not necessary at the Y in a strategic
level it took me a long time to get
where I am that's why I believe
strategic thinking can be acquired can
be cultivated but you need to develop
that intentionally
one way to do that is actually work with
mentors and recently actually only
recently about in the past several
months I started working with a new VP
of Marketing and the marketing directors
they just got promoted and they are very
very good at doing things at a technical
level but they don't know how to
actually present information at a more
strategic level and I've been working
with them to help them to develop that
strategic thinking and how to put a
presentation slide at the senior or the
strategic level to drive that
conversation with their managers we have
seen great results
if you are interested I offer ten hour
consultation mentor package reach out to
me if you want to discuss a little bit
more there are many many ways to Kotov a
strategic thinking including readings
right there's many books that you can
read however what I have found is I love
reading but I always forget after I
finish the book I found the
best way to actually cultivate your
strategic thinking is doing your job but
while doing your job try to make an
effort and the connection with a senior
level manager either by attending the
meeting will get somebody to work with
you on your craft or understand how they
talk and what they'd be major on and
then try to make that connection between
your work and their goals all right so
that's it for today
I hope the information I provide is
relevant and helpful to you if you like
the content please subscribe below I
would very much appreciate that again if
you have any specific questions reach
out to me anytime love to hear from you
or you can provide comments below thank
you so much for tuning in to b2b
marketing and more with Pam dinner I
hope to see you next week
thanks a lot